In 2004 he is
Join the Children's University
H
there
Thought-thirsty children aged 8 to 12 years get manufactured
Professors have answers to burning why have
according to Prof
why experience
Mannheim
all this and much more could have been here at the Children's University
already on Tuesdays is children and rooster
The five lectures per semester are free of charge for the young students
every child he holds a student card he is an important one
Document and must be brought to each lecture
Moser hustle and bustle who can for the 1000 seats
Organizers of the huge demand hardly meet
the it-technical University report the Saxon newspaper and the German
hygiene-museum have launched this project together
The 45-minute lectures take place alternately in the auditorium of the TU Dresden
and in German cinemas downtown
Lecturing to children is for the professors
an enormous challenge
certainly not much fun for the professors on the 8th
a little bit harder
you always have to think a bit more clearly from Colonel Klaus
as well as lawsuits, »said Sinn of curious by nature
the kinder-uni is a very good opportunity to meet this curiosity
however, is or just with the Oldenburg coach Wolfgang Pehnt
calculated quite normal
Bauke Mollema recognitions
it comes on
Joker Admir store
the parents and grandparents we could not have been served
for her the lecture will be broadcasted via video-live-stream a second - St
and that's interesting sometimes amusing and not achieved at all
is
Heinze was then finds the innermost of Silas every child
coveted certificate
on which in the professors participation in the
Confirm lectures
What miracles still has to be said without sponsors would be the project
Children's uni conceivable
like the financial donations, the Children's University thanks
warmly with you
whispered robbed
Subscriptions
what love heart into
Kiel University Dresden a project for the future